41句浪漫爱情的经典英语句子

1.我的世界不允许你的消失,不管结局是否完美.

No matter the ending is perfect or not, you cannot disappear from my world.

2.爱情是一个精心设计的谎言

Love is a carefully designed lie.

3.承诺常常很像蝴蝶,美丽的飞盘旋然后不见

Promises are often like the butterfly, which disappear after beautiful hover.

4.凋谢是真实的 盛开只是一种过去

Fading is true while flowering is past

5.为什么幸福总是擦肩而过,偶尔想你的时候….就让….回忆来陪我.

Why I have never catched the happiness? Whenever I want you ,I will be accompanyed by the memory of...

6.爱情…在指缝间承诺 指缝….在爱情下交缠.

Love ,promised between the fingers

Finger rift,twisted in the love

7.如果你为着错过夕阳而哭泣，那么你就要错群星了

If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars

8.感受梦的火焰，感觉飞舞瞬间，当一切浪漫遥远，永恒依然

to feel the flame of dreaming and to feel the moment of dancing,when all the romance is far away,the eternity is always there

9.茹菓只遈遇见,吥能停畱,吥茹吥遇见.

If we can only encounter each other rather than stay with each other,then I wish we had never encountered .

10.宁愿笑著流泪,嘢不哭著说后悔 心碎了,还需再补吗?

I would like weeping with the smile rather than repenting with the cry,when my heart is broken ,is it needed to fix?

11.天空没有翅膀的痕迹，而鸟儿已飞过

There are no trails of the wings in the sky, while the birds has flied away.

12.与你保持着一种暖昧的关系,怕自己会爱上你,怕你离开后,我会流泪

When keeping the ambiguity with you ,I fear I will fall in love with you, and I fear I will cry after your leaving.

13.人活着总是要得罪一些人的 就要看那些人是否值得得罪

When alive ,we may probably offend some people.However, we must think about whether they are deserved offended.

14.谁捡走了我的玻璃鞋,寻找遗失的玻璃鞋.

I am looking for the missing glass-shoes who has picked it up

15.命里哊时钟需哊 命里无时莫强求

You will have it if it belongs to you,whereas you don't kveth for it if it doesn't appear in your life.

16.没有谁对不起谁,只有谁不懂得珍惜谁.

No one indebted for others,while many people don't know how to cherish others.

17.永远不是一种距离,而是一种决定。

Eternity is not a distance but a decision.

18.在回忆里继续梦幻不如在地狱里等待天堂

Dreaming in the memory is not as good as waiting for the paradise in the hell

19.哪里有真爱存在，哪里就有奇迹。

Where there is great love, there are always miracles.

20、爱情就像一只蝴蝶，它喜欢飞到哪里，就把欢乐带到哪里。

Love is like a butterfly. It goes where it pleases and it pleases where it goes.

21.假如每次想起你我都会得到一朵鲜花，那么我将永远在花丛中徜徉。

If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden.

22.有了你，我迷失了自我。失去你，我多么希望自己再度迷失。

Within you I lose myself, without you I find myself wanting to be lost again.

23.每一个沐浴在爱河中的人都是诗人。

At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.

24.Look into my eyes - you will see what you mean to me.

看看我的眼睛，你会发现你对我而言意味着什么。

25.Distance makes the hearts grow fonder.

距离使两颗心靠得更近。

26.I need him like I need the air to breathe.

我需要他，正如我需要呼吸空气。

27.If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.

如果没有相等的爱，那就让我爱多一些吧。

28.Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.

爱是长在我们心里的藤蔓。

29.If I know what love is, it is because of you.

因为你，我懂得了爱。

30.Love is the greatest refreshment in life.

爱情是生活最好的提神剂。

31.Love never dies.

爱情永不死。

32.The darkness is no darkness with thee.

有了你，黑暗不再是黑暗。

33.We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.

如果没有人爱我们，我们也就不会再爱自己了。

34.There is no remedy for love but to love more.

治疗爱的创伤唯有加倍地去爱。

35.When love is not madness, it is not love.

如果爱不疯狂就不是爱了。

36.A heart that loves is always young.

有爱的心永远年轻。

37.Love is blind.

爱情是盲目的。

38.Love is like the moon, when it does not increase, it decreases.

爱情就像月亮，不增则减。

39.The soul cannot live without love.

灵魂不能没有爱而存在。

40.Brief is life, but love is long.

生命虽短，爱却绵长。

41.The light will lead you to the futue,please believe in yourself,go to
realise it.

愿望如灯，引你走向未来。