No matter the ending is perfect or not, you cannot disappear from my world.
Love is a carefully designed lie.
Promises are often like the butterfly, which disappear after beautiful hover.
Fading is true while flowering is past
Why I have never catched the happiness? Whenever I want you ,I will be accompanyed by the memory of...
Love ,promised between the fingers
Finger rift,twisted in the love
If you weeped for the missing sunset,you would miss all the shining stars
to feel the flame of dreaming and to feel the moment of dancing,when all the romance is far away,the eternity is always there
If we can only encounter each other rather than stay with each other,then I wish we had never encountered .
I would like weeping with the smile rather than repenting with the cry,when my heart is broken ,is it needed to fix?
There are no trails of the wings in the sky, while the birds has flied away.
When keeping the ambiguity with you ,I fear I will fall in love with you, and I fear I will cry after your leaving.
When alive ,we may probably offend some people.However, we must think about whether they are deserved offended.
I am looking for the missing glass-shoes who has picked it up
You will have it if it belongs to you,whereas you don't kveth for it if it doesn't appear in your life.
No one indebted for others,while many people don't know how to cherish others.
Eternity is not a distance but a decision.
Dreaming in the memory is not as good as waiting for the paradise in the hell 
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Love is like a butterfly. It goes where it pleases and it pleases where it goes.
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden.
Within you I lose myself, without you I find myself wanting to be lost again.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Look into my eyes - you will see what you mean to me.
Distance makes the hearts grow fonder.
I need him like I need the air to breathe.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.
Love is a vine that grows into our hearts.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
Love never dies.
The darkness is no darkness with thee.
We cease loving ourselves if no one loves us.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
When love is not madness, it is not love.
A heart that loves is always young.
Love is blind.
Love is like the moon, when it does not increase, it decreases.
The soul cannot live without love.
Brief is life, but love is long.
The light will lead you to the futue,please believe in yourself,go to realise it.